CONVENTIONS: Daemonsets should use maxAvailability 10% (#854)
openshift/enhancements: CONVENTIONS.md

  * Components that support workloads directly must not disrupt end-user workloads during upgrade or reconfiguration
    * E.g. the upgrade of a network plugin must serve pod traffic without disruption (although tiny increases in latency are allowed)
    * All components that currently disrupt end-user workloads must prioritize addressing those issues, and new components may not be introduced that add disruption

> * All dameonsets in OpenShift should be at `maxUnavailable: 10%`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All dameonsets of OpenShift components should use the maxUnavailable rollout strategy, allowing up to 10% of instances to be taken down at once.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All rollingUpdate dameonsets in OpenShift should utilize `maxUnavailable: 10%` to ensure a timely rollout on large clusters.
```
The phrase "rollout strategy" seems a bit too close to the spec field names in my opinion. here's what it actually looks like
```
spec:
  updateStrategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxUnavailable: 10%
```

Reviewer: Would it make sense to put that YAML snippet right into the text?

Any bugs that block that should be fixed.
`10%` is an arbitrary ratio that ensures that most of the cluster is up and
serving clients, while a big-enough chunk of the cluster is upgradable.

> Keeping the default of `1` makes your operator upgrade unacceptably slowly on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping the default of `1` makes an operator upgrade unacceptably slowly on
```

> big clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
big clusters because only one host running the daemonset can be drained (and upgraded) at a time.
```
